Configure Prettier and Markdownlint for md(x) files (#147)
hashintel/hash: resources/docs/simulation/concepts/designing-with-process-models/using-data-in-a-process-model.md

For more on using data in HASH, see [Datasets](/docs/simulation/creating-simulations/datasets/)
</Hint>

> HASH supports CSV and JSON datasets. Upload your dataset by clicking the 'new dataset' option in the editor \(_in the top left of the screen, over the file picker\)_\) \_o_r by finding/reusing an existing dataset from the HASH index and adding it to the simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HASH supports CSV and JSON datasets. Upload your dataset by clicking the 'new dataset' option in the editor \(_in the top left of the screen, over the file picker\)_\) or by finding/reusing an existing dataset from the HASH index and adding it to the simulation.
```

Reviewer: There's still an errant additional closing bracket here.

Author: I’ve already fixed this locally – strange. Let me try to commit your suggestion anyway and see what’s going to happen.

Author: Latest source (looks good):

```markdown
HASH supports CSV and JSON datasets. Upload your dataset by clicking the 'new dataset' option in the editor _(in the top left of the screen, over the file picker)_ or by finding/reusing an existing dataset from the HASH index and adding it to the simulation.
```

        "next_block": "solved_tickets"
      },
      "solved_tickets": {}
    },
    //added a line for the cs_employees resource
  "cs_employees": context.data()["ExampleCustomerServiceEmployeesSheet1.csv"].length
}
```

This is a good start, but to make the model more realistic we can add a dataset representing ticket volumes over the past five days. I'll take the mean and standard deviation of the data, and set a triangular distribution for the number of tickets to generate every time step.

```javascript
// create_process.js

const { triangular } = hstd.stats;
let tickets = context.data()["Tickets.csv"];
//Get min and max number of tickets received per day
let min = tickets.reduce(
  (min, t) => (t.count < min ? t.count : min),
  data[0].count,
);
let max = tickets.reduce(
  (max, t) => (t.count > max ? t.count : max),
  data[0].count,
);
//Get the mode of the array and average with min and max to find the peak
let peak = (min + max + mode(tickets)) / 3;
```

```json

> //in the process parameters ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// in the process parameters ...
```
